README.md, before:

# DSW E2E Tests

E2E test suite for testing the functionality of [DSW Client](https://github.com/DataStewardshipWizard/dsw-client)
and [DSW Server](https://github.com/DataStewardshipWizard/dsw-server) based on
[Cucumber.js](https://github.com/cucumber/cucumber-js) and [Puppeteer](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/puppeteer).

## How to run the tests

The project requires recent version of node and npm. Then all the dependencies can be installed with:

```
npm install
```

Tests also require configuration through ENV variables.

- `URL` - root url of DSW app client (without trailing slash)
- `ADMIN_USERNAME`, `ADMIN_PASSWORD` - credentials of admin user
- `DATASTEWARD_USERNAME`, `DATASTEWARD_PASSWORD` - credentials of datasteward user
- `RESEARCHER_USERNAME`, `RESEARCHER_PASSWORD` - credentails of researcher user
- `HEADLESS` *(optional)* - whether to run in headless mode - 1 or 0 (default 1)

For running locally or project development, you can create `.env` file where you define the variables.

```
URL=https://app.dsw.example.com
ADMIN_USERNAME=admin@example.com
ADMIN_PASSWORD=admin-password
DATASTEWARD_USERNAME=datasteward@example.com
DATASTEWARD_PASSWORD=datasteward-password
RESEARCHER_USERNAME=researcher@example.com
RESEARCHER_PASSWORD=researcher-password
```

You can run tests after installing dependencies and configuring the environment by:

```
npm test
```

Commit message:

Add docker-compose to run local instance of DSW

README.md, after:

# DSW E2E Tests

E2E test suite for testing the functionality of [DSW Client](https://github.com/DataStewardshipWizard/dsw-client)
and [DSW Server](https://github.com/DataStewardshipWizard/dsw-server) based on
[Cucumber.js](https://github.com/cucumber/cucumber-js) and [Puppeteer](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/puppeteer).

## How to run the tests

The project requires recent version of node and npm. Then all the dependencies can be installed with:

```
make install
```

The tests are run against local instance of DSW which is created
using docker-compose. To simply create instance of dsw, run tests and then clean it, run:

```
make all
```

## Configuration

Tests can be further configured through ENV variables. It is not necessary to configure those since the default values works with local instance. However, if you want to run tests against running instance, these need to be set.

- `URL` - root url of DSW app client (without trailing slash)
- `ADMIN_USERNAME`, `ADMIN_PASSWORD` - credentials of admin user
- `DATASTEWARD_USERNAME`, `DATASTEWARD_PASSWORD` - credentials of datasteward user
- `RESEARCHER_USERNAME`, `RESEARCHER_PASSWORD` - credentails of researcher user
- `HEADLESS` *(optional)* - whether to run in headless mode - 1 or 0 (default 1)

For running locally or project development, you can also create `.env` file where you define the variables.

```
URL=https://app.dsw.example.com
ADMIN_USERNAME=admin@example.com
ADMIN_PASSWORD=admin-password
DATASTEWARD_USERNAME=datasteward@example.com
DATASTEWARD_PASSWORD=datasteward-password
RESEARCHER_USERNAME=researcher@example.com
RESEARCHER_PASSWORD=researcher-password
```
